[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/read-operations/project.txt

   { "_id": 3, "name": "oranges" }
   { "_id": 4, "name": "avocados" }

Although this projection only explicitly included the ``name`` field, the query returned
the ``_id`` field as well.

The ``_id`` field is a special case: it is always included in every query unless
explicitly specified otherwise. This is because ``_id`` is a unique identifier for each
document, a property that is often used when constructing queries. The ``movies``
collection data demonstrates why this property is necessary: two or more movies can share

> the same title, such as movie remakes. Because of this, you need a unique ``_id`` value to

Reviewer: S: i dont think we really have a precedent to use colons like this. Perhaps you can break up these sentences?

Author: ```suggestion
The ``_id`` field is a special case because it is always included in every query unless
explicitly specified otherwise. This is because ``_id`` is a unique identifier for each
document, a property that is often used when constructing queries. The ``movies``
collection data demonstrates why this property is necessary: two or more movies can share
the same title, such as movie remakes. Because of this, you need a unique ``_id`` value to
```

   { "_id": 3, "name": "oranges" }
   { "_id": 4, "name": "avocados" }

Although this projection only explicitly included the ``name`` field, the query returned
the ``_id`` field as well!

> This happens because the ``_id`` field is a special case: it is always included in every
> query unless explicitly specified otherwise. That's because ``_id`` is a unique identifier
> for each document, a property that is often used when constructing queries. The ``movies``
> collection is a good example of this: because remakes and even separate works can
> sometimes reuse movie titles, you need a unique ``_id`` value to reference any specific
> movie. ``_id`` is the only exception to the mutually exclusive include-exclude behavior in
> projections: you *can* explicitly exclude ``_id`` even when explicitly including other
> fields if you do not want ``_id`` to be present in returned documents.

Author: Slightly different:

```suggestion
The ``_id`` field is a special case: it is always included in every query unless
explicitly specified otherwise. This is because ``_id`` is a unique identifier for each
document, a property that is often used when constructing queries. The ``movies``
collection data demonstrates why this property is necessary: two or more movies can share
the same title, such as movie remakes. Because of this, you need a unique ``_id`` value to
reliably reference a specific movie. ``_id`` is the only exception to the mutually
exclusive include-exclude behavior in projections: you *can* explicitly exclude ``_id``
even when explicitly including other fields if you do not want ``_id`` to be present in
returned documents.
```
